Adding architecture from Landsat_C2_SRST nw-poudre-historical branch and the Landsat_C2_SRST_template (#13)
rossyndicate/NW-CLP-RS: README.md

functional chunks of the workflow.

_a_locs_poly_setup_:

This group sets up the locations and polygon files 
for RS retrieval. The group of functions collates a few different polygon and 
point files into a single file of each type as needed for the RS workflow.

_b_RS_data_acquisition_:

This group of targets acquires the Landsat record for our focus lakes as part of 
the Northern Water project, our internal Cache La Poudre lakes, as well as all

> lakes greater than 1ha in the CLP HUC12.

Author: ```suggestion
lakes greater than 1 hectare in the CLP HUC12.
```
